STRENGTHS
We believe that the following are our primary competitive strengths:
An established brand name and reputation for project execution
We are the largest real estate development company in India in terms of the area of our completed residential and
commercial developments (Source: ACNielsen Report). Since 1946, we have been responsible for the development of
approximately 224 million square feet, including 22 urban colonies as well as an entire integrated 3,000 acre township -
DLF City. Our position as a leading property developer is largely due to our established execution capabilities. Our
reputation for providing prompt payment to landowners upon the acquisition of their land, developing and completing
projects in a timely manner and conducting our business with transparency has created a relationship of trust with our
customers and suppliers, many of whom have been involved with us across generations. We retain internationally and
nationally renowned architectural consultants, such as Hafeez Contractor, the Jerde Partnership Inc. and Mohit Gujral, as
well as design and engineering, construction and project management firms for our projects. Our suppliers provide
specifically manufactured raw materials for our projects such as units to make ready-mixed concrete, elevator equipment
and aluminium extrusions. Our reputation attracts multinational clients seeking to occupy multiple locations.
Land Reserves
We have Land Reserves in various regions across India, amounting to 10,255 acres, with 51% of our Land Reserves in
the NCR, 23% in Kolkata, 5% in Goa, 5% in Mahararashtra, 3% in Indore, 4% in Punjab, 2% in Bangalore and the
balance in various other states. While we have been acquiring land for many years, the rate at which we have been
acquiring it has greatly increased in the last three years. We believe that our current Land Reserves are sufficient for our
planned developments over the next ten years and provide us with a major competitive advantage as well as protection
against land price inflation. The size of our Land Reserves also allows us to respond more effectively to changes in
market conditions and demand.
Strategic locations
Our projects are strategically located. Our luxury residential developments benefit from desirable locations that appeal to
our higher income customers, while our townships are developed with easy access to city centers. Our commercial
developments are located in areas that are attractive to our multinational clients, particularly in the IT and ITES sectors.
Our retail developments in conjunction with our multiplex cinemas afford convenient access to target customers of our
retail clients, both in city centers and suburban locations. We believe that our ability to anticipate market trends and, in
some cases, to influence the direction of these trends, provides us with the expertise to choose strategic locations.
Scale of operations
Our size allows us to benefit from economies of scale. We are able to purchase large plots of land from multiple sellers,
thus enabling us to aggregate land at lower prices. We believe that we enjoy greater credibility with sellers of land as
well as buyers of our properties as a result of our reputation and our scale of operations. We are able to undertake large
scale projects in multiple phases, which provides us with the opportunity to monitor market acceptance and modify our
projects in accordance with customer needs. We are able to integrate our residential, commercial and retail capabilities,
allowing us to achieve greater value for our projects, as demonstrated by DLF City. The large scale of our developments
within a business line creates demand for our other business lines. Additionally, we are able to use our bulk purchasing
capabilities for the acquisition of raw materials such as cement and steel, the use of better construction technology such
as pre-casting, as well as high cost equipment such as shuttering machines and tower cranes. Further, the extent and
quality of our assets enable us to finance the active acquisition of land, adjust the scale of our projects and provide us
with the flexibility of retaining rather than selling our developments in the event of an economic downturn. 

A tradition of innovation
We have a tradition of innovation in the Indian real estate market. We were one of the first developers to anticipate the
need for townships on the outskirts of fast growing cities and are generally credited with the growth of Gurgaon. We
were one of the early developers to focus on theme-based projects such as The Magnolias development in DLF City,
which includes a golf course. We are one of the few developers in India to provide commercial space with floor plates of
over 100,000 square feet. We were an early developer of large shopping malls with integrated entertainment facilities.
We continually offer our customers new designs and concepts. For example, in some of our super luxury developments,
we allow purchasers to customize the layout of their new homes. Our developments typically integrate construction and
safety standards which exceed nationally prescribed minimum levels. For example, although Delhi and Gurgaon fall
within the government stipulated Earthquake Zone–IV area, our buildings are designed to comply with the more
stringent standards that are applicable in Zone-V areas, and while fire safety norms require fire sprinklers to be spaced
3.5 meters apart, the fire sprinklers in our buildings are placed 3.0 meters apart. We also provide management services
for properties in all of our business lines.
Experienced and dedicated management
We have an experienced, highly qualified and dedicated management team, many of whom have over 20 years of
experience in their respective fields. Because of our established brand name and reputation for project execution, we
have been able to recruit high caliber management and employees. We provide our staff with competitive compensation
packages and a corporate environment that encourages responsibility, autonomy and innovation. We believe that the
experience of our management team and its in-depth understanding of the real estate market in India will enable us to
continue to take advantage of both current and future market opportunities.
STRATEGY
Our mission is to build a world class real estate development company specializing in residential, commercial and retail
real estate development and also encompassing the development of SEZs, infrastructure, multiplex cinemas and hotels.
We aim to achieve the highest standards of professionalism, ethics and customer service and to thereby contribute to and
benefit from the growth of the Indian economy. The key elements of our business strategy are as follows:
Increase our Land Reserves in strategic locations
We recognize that continuing to build our Land Reserves is critical to our growth strategy and we intend to continue
acquiring land across India for our projects. We have identified and acquired land in and around 31 cities which we
believe is suitable for our residential and commercial projects and are in the process of acquiring the land to facilitate our
growth strategy. In respect of our retail business, we intend to identify and acquire land in 60 cities across India. We
believe that our cash reserves, sanctioned loans and sales receivables are sufficient to finance the balance due in respect
of our Land Reserves, which amounted to approximately Rs. 4,395.6 crore as of April 30, 2007.
Expand our core business lines nationally
As consumers’ aspirations have risen, so has the demand for high quality residential developments that integrate
recreational facilities. We plan to focus on the development of super luxury and luxury residential projects and townships
in key locations in India. We also intend to take advantage of increasing urbanization by investing in the development of
townships on the peripheries of cities around the country.
We intend to develop extensive commercial properties in selected cities, built to international standards in order to attract
key multinational tenants and thereby strengthen our position as a leading developer of commercial real estate. We
intend to take advantage of the growth of the Indian economy and changing consumer preferences to reinforce our
position as a leading retail property developer in India. Our malls will provide modern retail space, customer service
facilities and entertainment centers, along with high standard safety and security features. An important element of our
growth strategy is to anticipate the expansion plans of our commercial and retail clients, thereby catering to their
growing real estate requirements and advancing our strategy of geographic expansion. In addition to the 44 million
square feet of projects that we have under construction, we have planned projects which we estimate will involve the
70
development of plots, residential, commercial and retail developed area of approximately 46 million square feet, 375
million square feet, 60 million square feet and 44 million square feet, respectively, totaling 526 million square feet. We
have already commenced the process of acquiring land in a number of cities across the country and have made partial
payments for many of these lands.



Engage in SEZ development
SEZs are a new business concept in India, and provide attractive fiscal incentives for both developers and tenants. While
the SEZ regime has recently been subject to controversy, we see the development of sector-specific as well as multiproduct SEZs as a major growth area for our Company. We have identified several potential locations for IT-specific
SEZ development and have obtained final approvals from the Board of Approvals, GoI for two IT-specific SEZs in
Gurgaon and one in Pune. We have also received final notification for our IT-specific SEZs in Chennai. In-principle
approvals have been obtained with respect to our IT-specific SEZs in Delhi and Bhubaneswar.
We are in the process of seeking approvals for several SEZs which will cover an aggregate area of 26,100 acres. We
have received in-principle approvals for a multi-product SEZ in Ludhiana which will cover 2,500 acres and a multisector, product-specific SEZ in Amritsar covering 1,087.2 acres. We have received approvals from the Haryana
Investment Promotion Board, which has agreed to provide support for setting up and developing a 20,000 acres multiproduct SEZ in Gurgaon and for 3,000 acres of land in Ambala. For details on the procedure for setting up of a SEZ, see
“Regulations and Policies in India ” on page 104.
Engage in infrastructure development
We recently entered into a joint venture with Laing O’Rourke plc, which is a leading UK-based construction company
with a strong track record of major construction projects globally, and as of April 30, 2007, have commenced
construction on 14 projects. Through the joint venture company, DLF Laing O’Rourke, we intend to continue benefiting
from Laing O’Rourke’s construction expertise and experience in our development projects and also intend to participate
in the construction of infrastructure projects including roads, bridges, tunnels, pipelines, harbors, runways and power
projects. We believe that the joint venture has created an opportunity to exploit new sources of revenue and has enabled
our management to focus on new opportunities in our core business areas. DLF Laing O’Rourke and our joint venture
partner Laing O’Rourke plc have submitted 10 tenders for construction of various infrastructure projects including roads,
laying of railway tracks, airport terminals and a port.
Expand into hotel development
We recently entered into a joint venture with Hilton, a leading US-headquartered global hospitality company, to set up a
chain of hotels and serviced apartments in India. We intend to enter into joint ventures with other leading hotel
companies to develop hotels in the budget, business, four star, five star and deluxe segments. We believe that the hotel
business will complement our existing business and that there will be opportunities to situate our hotels in or close to our
other developments such as commercial centers, IT parks and shopping malls. We also plan to develop other tourism and
leisure related assets. We intend to use our existing real estate capabilities as well as our joint venture company, DLF
Laing O’Rourke, to develop these assets.
Expand our operations in multiplex cinema development and operations through DT Cinemas
In response to India’s rising disposable incomes and a rapidly growing middle class, we intend to expand our multiplex
cinema business to provide for the highest cinematic standards and to become the preferred multiplex cinema
destination. We intend to achieve this strategy by capitalizing on our position as one of India’s leading developers of
malls, where we intend to develop and operate our multiplex cinemas.
Enhance our design and construction capabilities
We intend to further improve the quality of our real estate developments and the time taken to bring them to market. We
plan to outsource a substantial part of the design and construction activity related to our projects to the WSP and DLF
Laing O’Rourke joint ventures, respectively. We will also seek to collaborate with leading international real estate
71
developers so as to benefit from their experience and know-how. For example, in November 2006, we signed a
memorandum of understanding with Nakheel, a leading real estate developer based in the Middle East, to develop
through a 50:50 joint venture, two projects in Gurgaon and South Maharashtra/Goa. We believe these joint ventures and
collaborations will enable us to improve the construction quality of our developments, embark on more complex and
ambitious projects and enable our management to focus on the development rather than the construction of our projects.
These joint ventures also give us access to the latest advances in design and construction techniques, which will shorten
the time taken to complete projects within our existing business lines as well as our proposed ventures. We will also
benefit from the use of advanced architectural techniques and construction materials, so as to create innovative,
environmentally friendly and profitable developments.
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
In April 2007, we agreed in principle with Prudential International Investments Corporation (“PIIC”) to establish an
asset management joint venture company (“AMC JV”) primarily focused on the Indian capital markets. The minimum
paid up capital of the joint venture will be the equivalent of US$8.3 million of which US$ 3.3 million would be
contributed by our Company and the remaining US$ 5 million by PIIC and it, and an associated trustee company, will
initially be 60% owned by PIIC and 40% owned by us.
Further, in April 2007, we signed a Memorandum of Cooperation with Fraport AG Frankfurt Airport Services
Worldwide (“Fraport”) to establish a special purpose vehicle (“DLF Fraport SPV”) for the purposes of focusing on the
development and management of certain airport projects in India. The memorandum states that the shareholding of each
of the parties in DLF Fraport SPV shall be mutually agreed such that each of parties shall hold not less than 26% in the
ultimate management company.
DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS
Land Reserves
We have Land Reserves in various regions across India. As of April 30, 2007, these Land Reserves amounted to 10,255
acres with an aggregate estimated developable area of approximately 574 million square feet, including 4 million square
feet of completed development, and of which 44 million square feet (excluding the share of joint venture partners) is
under construction. Details of these Land Reserves are set forth in the table below